hello welcome are like in this video
I'm going to show you how you can see the use
of your ipad with the applications
is worth the memory that you have that you are
using and the memory that you have
available for this what you have
what to do is access settings and then
up here and give generate is up
on the left we do general and here
we see here the update of the
information software and here by
example a very fast mara and without power
to do nothing is to see the capacity that has
our our ipad and good what
we are using here we have
we will create a capacity of 57 gigas and the
we are available to a 53 like this
that we are basically using very little
we still do not have songs or videos and
a lot of memory are the applications and
photographs that we are using to
to be able to see what we are using
we have to go to use we click on
use and here we see the main
applications that we are using
with the memory that you really are
occupy here we can come and eliminate them
or look at what they are using and what
that is all the applications that we have
downloaded come here and look at the
application and we will eliminate this
application here worth these are the
main applications that more consumption
they have and to see all the applications
that we have here we see all the listing
of applications that we have
apart from this we see up here as
tells us as we said before the
memory that we are using in this case
36 and the memory we have available
that that they are still 53 6 and that 9 very
quick to see if we can download the
important application or not worth here
below we also see storage
that we have is about nothing cloud and some
that we have available is worth total in
the cloud is five gigs and in this case
we have only used in two and we can
even come and manage the
storage we click here
We take to the device that we
we are doing good value this every
one that uses it as it needs
and well then we also have the use of
battery charge and time from the
last load is worth the use with we have
available are 20 hours and at rest
We had 21 hours worth just in the part
from here
Well I hope you have been useful
the truth is that this is very simple
but if you do not know if you have to
download an application or make a
update that sometimes asks you to have
a certain memory because it is a mere
Quick to know that you can to the best
erase applications that in a 6 much
come here and eliminate it worth it can be
quite simple and as I said
you come here you make delete the application
and eliminate the application that really
you do not want to use to get a
little more space
Okay, I hope you have
liked and if you want to see other videos
of the ipad or other technology things
Do not hesitate to visit our website
as a dotcom subscribe to our
youtube channel thank you very much and up
soon